{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 CS446\
P1\
Michael Chen\
\
Question 1:\
The top terms don\'92t really seem related to the story at all. It\'92s mostly words like her, I, she, not, you, his, and other words that seem pretty generic. Elinor does appear a whopping 685 times, and since that\'92s a pretty unique name I\'92d say it seems pretty relevant to the story. Other names like Marianne and Veri appear a lot too, which also seem pretty unique to this story. Overall though, most of the words seem to just be everyday words.\
\
2. Honestly yeah. Most of these words should probably be stop words. Like not, you, his, had, but, have, all, so. These are all just commonly used everyday words. I don\'92t think any changes need to be made to the stemming or tokenization though, overall it looks pretty clean.\
\
3. It seems to follow a square root kind of pattern. As the number of words goes up, the number of unique words increases sharply in the beginning, but stops increasing as much later on. I imagine as the text gets larger and larger, it\'92ll eventually flatten out substantially.\
\
4. I think so. The graph I generated from the unique words to total words data seems to follow heap\'92s law pretty closely. And I don\'92t see why Sense and Sensibility shouldn\'92t follow Heaps Law, it\'92s not like some strange text written by aliens or something. It\'92s like an old English classic.}